doc: add comprehensive About section to lib.rs [doc: 3/N] (#1291)
rust-osdev/uefi-rs: uefi/README.md

![Build status](https://github.com/rust-osdev/uefi-rs/workflows/Rust/badge.svg)
![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/rust-osdev/uefi-rs)

## Value-add and Use Cases

With `uefi`, you have the flexibility to integrate selected types and
abstractions into your project or to conveniently create EFI images,

> addressing the entire spectrum of your development needs. It supports you

Reviewer: nit: I would drop "addressing the entire spectrum of your development needs", that seems like maybe too bold of a claim :)

(Like maybe the Qt library could make a claim like that, since they have utilities for practically every use case under the sun, but uefi-rs is a bit more focused.)

![Build status](https://github.com/rust-osdev/uefi-rs/workflows/Rust/badge.svg)
![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/rust-osdev/uefi-rs)

## Value-add and Use Cases

> `uefi` supports you to write code for both pre- and post-exit boot services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`uefi` supports writing code for both pre- and post-exit boot services
```

This is just an idiomatic thing

epochs, but its true strength shines when you create UEFI images that heavily
interact with UEFI boot services. Still, you have the flexibility to just
integrate selected types and abstractions into your project, for example to
parse the UEFI memory map.

> _Note that for producing EFI images, you also need to use a corresponding

Reviewer: nit: EFI -> UEFI (and a few more in the `uefi/src/lib.rs` file as well)
